Update non-weight-based fees (#32)
substrate-developer-hub/knowledgebase: current/runtime/fees.md

be found in the [Web3 research
page](https://research.web3.foundation/en/latest/polkadot/Token%20Economics.html#relay-chain-transaction-fees-and-per-block-transaction-limits).

## Additional Fees

Inclusion fees must be computable prior to execution, and therefore can only represent fixed logic.
Some transactions warrant limiting resources with other strategies. For example:

> - Bonds: Some transactions, like voting, may require a bond that will be returned or slashed after
>   an on-chain event. In the voting example, returned at the end of the election or slashed if the
>   voter tried anything malicious.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bonds: Some transactions may warrant a bond that will be returned or slashed after an on-chain
  event. For example, you may want to take a bond to vote in a referendum that will be returned at
  the end of the election or slashed if the voter tries anything malicious.
```

- Deposits: Some transactions use storage space indefinitely and may require a deposit that will be

>   returned if the user decides to free storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Deposits: Some transactions use storage space indefinitely. You may want to require a deposit
  that will be returned if the user decides to free storage.
```

- Burns: A transaction may burn funds internally based on its logic. For example, a transaction may
  burn funds from the sender if it creates new storage entries, thus increasing the state size.
- Limits: Some limits are part of the protocol. For example, in Polkadot, nominators can only nominate

>   16 validators. This limits the complexity of the validator election process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Limits: You can code arbitrary limits into a pallet. For example, the default Staking pallet only
  allows nominators to nominate up to 16 validators to limit the complexity of the validator
  election process.
```
